Documents atanh() function for Go Language (#3444)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/math-functions/terms/atanh/atanh.md

---
Title: 'Atanh()'
Description: 'Returns the inverse hyperbolic tangent of the given value.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Math'
  - 'Trigonometry'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`Atanh()`** function takes a float64 argument representing the angle whose inverse hyperbolic tangent value you want to find. It returns this inverse hyperbolic tangent as a float64 value that can range from negative infinity to positive infinity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Atanh()`** function takes a float64 argument representing the angle whose inverse hyperbolic tangent value is to be returned. It returns this inverse hyperbolic tangent as a float64 value that can range from negative infinity to positive infinity.
```
We avoid first- and second-person pronouns in Docs.

# Syntax

```pseudo
result := math.Atanh(x)

> ```

Reviewer: We generally have a sentence after the syntax code block explaining `x` and `result`.

Author: I have detailed the meanings of 'x' and 'result'

# Example

The following code calculates the arctangent and prints out the result:

```go
package main

import "fmt"
import "math"

func main() {
	
	fmt.Println(math.Atanh(0.5))
    fmt.Println(math.Atanh(math.NaN()))

} 
```

> The output will be
> ```shell

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The output will be:

```shell
````

0.5493061443340548
NaN
```

> # Source file

Reviewer: Remove this source file section. It isn't the kind of documentation we're doing in Docs.

Author: I have eliminated the source file section

---
Title: 'Atanh()'
Description: 'Returns the inverse hyperbolic tangent of the given value.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Math'
  - 'Trigonometry'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`Atanh()`** function takes a float64 argument representing the angle whose inverse hyperbolic tangent value is to be returned. It returns this inverse hyperbolic tangent as a float64 value that can range from negative infinity to positive infinity.

# Syntax

```pseudo
result := math.Atanh(x)
```

Where `x` represents the angle whose inverse hyperbolic tangent value is to be returned.

> And where the result is the inverse hyperbolic tangent of `x`.

Reviewer 2: Replace this line with "notable cases" that highlights results given specific values of x, e.g. result = -Inf when x = -1

Author: Hello, @caupolicandiaz 

Thanks for the feedback.

Could you please help me understand a little better what you're looking for with regards to the "notable cases" section?

From your description, I find it very similar to the currently documented "Example" section, and I'm not sure to understand the differences.

If you could elaborate, I would sure appreciate it. It'd help me do a better job at complementing the documentation.

Once again, thank you for your feedback!

Reviewer 2: Take a look at this example
https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/go/math-functions/cosh

Author: Excuse the delay, @caupolicandiaz .

The notable cases of when 1 or -1 are passed to the function have been documented.

# Example

The following code calculates the arctangent and prints out the result:

```go
package main

> import "fmt"
> import "math"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import (
  "fmt"
  "math"
  )
```

Reviewer 2: use 2 spaces for indentations in the code, not tabs
